[THUNDERCLAP]
[AUDIO LOGO]
>>SARAH BRESKMAN COSME:
It's like this radio where
different entities are able to
communicate through the client
to me.
Her job was to bring
water to King Tutankhamun.
And he started sharing
information about his life
that I had never heard before.
What people don't
really understand
is they were trying to
preserve the genetic lineage
because they were
survivors from Atlantis.
A lot of these
extraterrestrial claim
to have built some
of these temples.
Although, Toth, who has
been coming through--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Oh, we're
going to have fun with him
in a minute.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: And the
most important sphinx,
that people don't know about,
is in North America at the four
corners.
Humans are going to start
tapping into these ancient ways
and they need to understand how.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA: A subject
of perpetual intrigue
is one of the key dynastic
periods in Egypt, specifically
the 18th Dynasty.
This is where King Tutankhamun,
Akhenaten, and Nefertiti
appear.
The reason for the
intrigue is that the bodies
of Nefertiti and Akhenaten
have never been found.
They were considered heretics,
and the priesthood of the day
attempted to rid their memory
forever, but it didn't work.
We have Sarah Breskman
Cosme here with us today
to talk about it via your
beautiful regression work.
Welcome back, Sarah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Thanks so
much for having me, Regina.
>>REGINA: You've been on quite
a journey on many levels,
you know, both metaphorically
and also literally.
And one of them is this
whole Egyptian thing,
as has been the case
for anyone who's
watched my interviews
with Sarah before.
Beings from certain periods
start coming through.
And then other people,
you'll regress one person,
then another and another.
And the same kind of set of
beings or even the same beings
start appearing through these
people at the same time,
creating a portrait.
So you started getting clients,
for a variety of reasons, that
were remembering Egypt,
not knowing that you
were planning a trip to Egypt.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: It was right
before I was planning my trip
to Egypt in May, and
all these clients
started coming in and having
sessions and remembering
that time period around
King Tutankhamun's lifetime.
And what's so fascinating
about the job that I do
is I feel like it's
like this radio,
almost, where different
entities are able to communicate
through the client to me as
well as the client's higher
consciousness.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But one of
the most fascinating sessions
that I had right
before Egypt was
this woman who said she had
just gotten back from Egypt,
and she didn't
understand why, when
she went to the
Valley of Kings, why
she felt like she just couldn't
go into the Valley of Kings.
She had this
overwhelming feeling,
and it was so embarrassing,
she had to sit on the bus.
So it was one of the
reasons why she came to me.
And in her session,
her higher self
said that she had a past
lifetime during the time where
some of the kings that were
buried there actually had lived
and that they recognized
her soul essence.
And I think that's what a lot
of people don't really realize
is when you go into
these sacred places
that the places, the
beings are still there
and they can recognize
your soul essence.
They can recognize who you
were in a past lifetime.
And this client had
remembered a past lifetime
as a water bearer.
And her job was to bring
water to King Tutankhamun.
That was all she did during
her lifetime as a man,
actually, in that lifetime.
And the highlight of
that life was actually
to see King Tutankhamun
for the very first time.
That was the highlight
of that life.
And what happened
was when she went
to the Valley of the
Kings, they recognized her
as a water bearer.
It's just so fascinating.
So then all of a sudden,
what started happening
is King Tutankhamun started
coming through the radio,
coming through my client's,
deep under hypnosis,
sharing fascinating
information about his lifetime.
And I thought, this is so
interesting because it didn't
matter who I was
using as a client,
he would come through
different people.
And he started sharing
information about his life
that I had never heard before
because all of this stuff
is so new to me.
>>REGINA: Right.
I mean, you're a
veritable virgin when
it comes to these histories.
You're doing the work that
Dolores Cannon established.
And the same thing
happened with her clients.
And you're a protege of hers.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And so with her in
the day, clients would come--
the same set of beings would
come through and pick up
the story where they
had left off before,
which was sometimes
surprising to a client who
had come in for weight loss.
You know?
And this is the
same thing that's
happening with you now, right?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Or now, I mean
now, you've been in the media
for a while.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: So are the clients
coming because they're
more intrigued with juicy past
lives they have inklings of,
or are they still coming for
ordinary reasons as well?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Most of my clients
come to see me because
they have a health issue.
Most of the time,
they want to find out
what's going on with
them, and they can.
And it's so easy for a
person, once they can find out
what's really going on, because
they're focused so deeply,
and they can really find out
what the purpose of this issue
is.
Then it can be released
and healed so easily.
And that's why these
sessions, not just with me
but with any other practitioner.
>>REGINA: I mean, do they
know about your other side,
the side that the
media knows about where
these juicy, intriguing
historical stories
are coming through.
Do most of them
know about that now?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Most of
them do know about that now.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
But they're always
so surprised and shocked
to have something like King
Tutankhamun come through them.
And they don't know
that the other person
had this happen to them too.
>>REGINA: Right.
So clearly, King Tut would
like to clarify some things
and set things straight
for the record.
And one thing I want
to say about this--
I'm super familiar
with regression work
and used to have a little
hypnotherapy clinic--
is-- and I did a lot of past
life regression on people like
you do but different method
but same kind of things would
happen--
is that when we're doing this,
the entities that come through
are one thing.
The people that are coming
through are another.
So you're getting these
different perspectives
unique through that
individual, right?
And that entity is
telling their perspective.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And they didn't
know everything in the day.
They knew what they knew.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: And so I'm
just setting the stage.
So when we hear this, because
some of it may seem familiar,
some may not.
But they only knew
what they knew.
They didn't know everything.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So let's talk about
why King Tut's coming through,
what he was sharing.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
And I'm so glad that you
said that because there
is a difference.
If it's the client's
higher self, then
you're speaking more with, like,
source that knows everything.
But when an entity
comes through, that's--
what you said was
exactly correct.
They know what's going
on during their day.
>>REGINA: And even
a person that's
bringing through
their own past lives
are bringing
through, oftentimes,
the memories and
personality of that time
where they have
limited knowledge too.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Of course.
So he said one of the
biggest misconceptions
was that he, Akhenaten
was his father.
And he said, that's not true.
He wanted to set
the record straight
that Akhenaten was actually
his very much older brother,
but he was raised by Akhenaten.
And his actual father
was King Amenhotep III.
Correct.
>>REGINA: Akhenaten's father.
Yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
And his father had married
his daughter, actually.
Because what people don't
really understand is they
were trying to preserve the
genetic lineage because they
were survivors from Atlantis.
And they were trying to
preserve this special bloodline,
and that was why
they kept inbreeding.
And he also said that Nefertiti
was actually his stepmother,
and that her body
will never be found.
He said that after she
was buried in a tomb,
it was dug up because they
wanted to just remove and get
rid of any record.
>>REGINA: And yet,
she's probably
the most-- she and Tut
are most iconic figures
in Egyptian history
that come through today.
Because what needs to happen
is the knowledge of what
was really going on
rather than how they
tried to rewrite the history.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
What was interesting
because King
Tutankhamen kept saying
that his brother Akhenaten was
visited by extraterrestrials.
And they had shared
with him that there was
only one source, only one god.
And Akhenaten went about
trying to change this,
because Akhenaten still
had a lot of that bloodline
within him.
He could really
read certain things.
I mean--
>>REGINA: They were Adepts.
His father, Amenhotep III, who
Tut said is his real father,
was an Adept, and that
was passed on to his son.
His real name was Amenhotep IV.
And he became Akhenaten
because his dedication
was to this one-source son.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Wow.
That's amazing.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's right.
So continue with what he
says about his own body.
So he says Nefertiti
was a traitor
because she went
against the priesthood,
and she was never
going to be found.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
She was never going--
>>REGINA: And she's
never been found.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But he said
she loved Akhenaten very much,
and she wanted to continue
what he had started.
And he said, she didn't really
like him that much, though.
She was-- but it was
the way that she tried
to be as a leader, though.
She felt like she should be
feared a little bit in order
to rule during that time
or in order to have power,
so to speak.
But it was really
interesting just
learning about his lifetime.
And he said he was easily
manipulated, though,
because he was young.
And there was such an
effort to bring things
back to the way Egypt
was before Akhenaten.
>>REGINA: And that was really
difficult. So many enemies
had been made by
Akhenaten and Nefertiti.
The priesthood despised them.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Because people
just didn't really understand
how not to fear death.
And he said they were
just so concerned,
and they didn't know
any better, really.
But that was why.
That was why they
did what they did.
>>REGINA: And so as he went
on, he explained his own needs
and frustrations because he
was a kind of a weak child,
which they say a lot of
inbreeding is not ideal
for the strength of a being--
the physical lineage.
So he was not known to be
a physically strong person.
And he was try-- and from a
very young age, he and his mate
were trying to have
children, and it
wasn't working out, right?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Well, he
said he married his sister,
and none of the babies survived.
And it was really
hard on her, actually,
and she became very
depressed because of it.
But he decided to kind of
think about other things
by going into
battle and hunting.
Because he even though he
was a sort of weak child,
he wanted to do what
everybody else was doing.
But he did have different issues
because of all the inbreeding.
>>REGINA: I'm curious.
Through any of
these sessions, did
they ever talk about the
unique features of the family
and the elongated skulls.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: They did.
>>REGINA: Let's talk
about that for a moment.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So they
did say that they actually
did physically look different
with their elongated skulls,
especially Akhenaten had
a very elongated skull,
and he had a very
pronounced jaw, apparently.
And because of this, he had--
it was almost like he had
access to different information.
And so they knew that
these people that
had this different physicality
actually had this access,
and it was so sought after.
But over the years, what's
really interesting, he
was saying, that even
in our time, well,
it went from back in ancient
Egypt to the witches.
They had the same kind
of symbolic pointy hats
then because they wanted
to get rid of all of this.
It eventually went
into the hat that
was labeled the dunce
hat, just to make
everyone think of elongated
skulls and these time periods.
>>REGINA: That's interesting.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah, I
thought it was interesting.
>>REGINA: Well, and
some believe that,
of course, that these were
hybrid beings because many
of the beings on Atlantis
were hybrid beings.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: They were.
He said they were hybrid beings.
They were beings
that-- humans that
were seeded from
extraterrestrials,
that had been genetically
modified, I mean.
I mean, we're all
basically modified.
>>REGINA: But
we're all modified.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Especially right now, right?
>>REGINA: We're all hybrids
of one kind or another.
So when he finally died,
some of the information
that came through is he
was not happy with what
happened to his body.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Well, he said he
died when he was away
from home, and he didn't
like the way he was treated.
He said he felt like he wasn't
treated like a pharaoh should
have been treated,
because according to him,
he said his arms weren't crossed
over his chest right away.
And they moved him into three
different coffins or three
different places, and he just
didn't like the treatment.
He said he just felt like
disrespected during his life
and disrespected after.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it was
unfortunate that he came out,
and it was his
job to make amends
with the people who had been
offended by his predecessors.
That was a tough one.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But one
of the biggest reasons why
he came through, I think,
before I went to Egypt, was he
wanted to share certain
information about Egypt.
So he started telling
me about the temples,
and it was so fascinating to me.
He said temples were built
just as like a failsafe in case
the civilizations
coming next would
forget certain information.
Because information
would be kept
hidden within
temples, and anyone
could access it because
temples are portals.
And you can go into a
temple and be downloaded
with this information if
you can quiet your mind
and ask for this access.
He also said that, and I thought
this is really interesting,
that temples have
a consciousness,
and that they're kind of,
like, they call people
to them when they want to
download information to them.
So it's not as if you go
to a temple for no reason.
A lot of times, you go
into these sacred temples
because the temple
is calling you.
And another thing I
thought was so interesting
is that he said there are cats
always at these sacred temples,
and that's because the
temples call the cats.
And while I was working
with other clients,
I learned from other
clients that cats actually
can manipulate energy.
They're energy manipulators.
So they can manipulate the
energy of a house or a building
or a place, someplace like that,
and they're masters at that.
And that's one of the reasons
why temples call these cats.
Of course, there's also a lot
of symbology with ancient Egypt
and cats and even the
cat people of Atlantis.
But he also said
that if you wanted
to access this information, that
the way that people would do it
is before entering
a temple, they
would ask for permission first.
And then once they were in,
they would quiet their mind.
Because all this
information is--
it goes through the mind.
That's how you access
this information.
And it's by clearing your mind,
asking for the information,
and trusting what comes
up that you can actually
access this information.
You can also, if you're
in these temples,
communicate with your
home planet of origin.
Because a lot of
these extraterrestrial
claim to have built some
of these temples and even
some of the pyramids.
Although, Toth, who has
been coming through--
>>REGINA: Oh, we're going to
have fun with him in a minute.
Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: --claimed to
have built the Great Pyramid.
And this other really--
it's so fascinating.
So Toth has been coming
through recently.
>>REGINA: A number of people or?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
A number of people.
Oh, gosh, a number of people.
>>REGINA: Let's
talk about what he's
saying, what he's telling us.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So first,
I told you a while ago
that people kept seeing
this being named 3
and didn't know
who this being was.
>>REGINA: Yes, thrice.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
And especially when
I was working with
any Egypt material,
it's like he had to come in
and share his information even
though none of my clients
knew who this being was.
But recently, he's
been talking a lot,
coming through different people
who don't know one another.
And he claimed he built
the Great Pyramid.
But what's really
fascinating to me
is he said there's another
sphinx that has his image.
And the most important sphinx
that people don't know about
is in North America
at the Four Corners.
And there's an actual
sphinx-like cover.
You wouldn't know
that it's there.
No one will tell me where
exactly it's located.
But that has a ship
located under it.
And it has all different kinds
of artifacts like in somewhere
in the Four Corners area.
>>REGINA: Well, can
I read you something,
because you and I talked
a little bit about this,
about what's under the Sphinx
because some of your clients
have started
talking about what's
under the Sphinx in Egypt.
And I think everybody
is aware now,
something's underneath there.
So I just after we
talked, I thought,
I'm just going to text Billy
Carson, Toth, by the way,
which I wasn't thinking
of at the time.
But I'll just see
what's in there.
We'll see what he thinks
is going on there.
And he texted back, and
this is what he sent.
This is from the
Emerald Tablets.
I'll just read it.
"Then gathered I, the sons of
Atlantis, into the spaceship.
I brought all of
my records, brought
the records of sunken
Atlantis, gathered
I all of my powers, instruments,
and many mighty magic
technologies."
Technologies there.
"Deep beneath the rocks,
I buried my spaceship,
waiting the time when
man might be free.
Over the spaceship, erected a
marker in the form of a lion--"
Sphinx, "--yet like unto man.
There 'neath the image
rests my spaceship, forth
to be brought when
need shall arise.
Know ye, oh, man, that
far in the future,
invaders shall come from
out of the deep space.
Then awake ye who have wisdom.
Bring forth my ship
and conquer with ease."
So something about
the technology.
"Deep beneath the
image lies my secret.
Search and find in
the pyramid I built."
He wrote this in the Emerald
Tablets 3,600 years ago.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes, that's
the Sphinx in North America.
>>REGINA: North America?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK,
interesting, and so not
the Sphinx that they're
looking to find underneath.
I mean, they're not looking
for this underneath.
They're looking for
it, but they don't know
what they're going to find.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: That
just gave me the chills.
But what you just read
makes so much sense,
because they're waiting
for humanity to be free,
which this is-- we're about
to go into the Golden Age,
where humanity overthrows
the oppressors, basically,
just like the last
Golden Age of Atlantis.
And it's happening, you
know, slowly but surely where
we become free once again.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: And
when we're able to evolve
our consciousness to that
point, then we can have access,
but they will not allow us.
Like, there's no way anybody
can access that Sphinx
or go down there and tamper
with that information
until the time is ready,
until humanity is really free.
Because they don't want it
to get into the wrong hands,
so it's hidden in plain sight.
When my clients look
deep under the Sphinx,
they've seen that there
was this technology.
And there was this
looking glass almost
like it looks like a
black kind of like stone.
And it's interesting,
because it's similar to--
it must be extraterrestrial
technology.
But this looking glass,
you can look into it
and see the history,
all of our history.
And you can see many different
things in this looking glass.
And apparently, people are
trying to recreate the looking
glass, but you can't.
You can't recreate this
type of looking glass.
But what's really
fascinating, when
you can read what's
in the looking glass,
are the history of the
battles because that's
what's in this technology.
And it shows the
history of the battles
between light versus dark.
But the history, if you
really look into it,
is that the light always wins.
Thus, it's really just a secret.
But no matter what anybody
takes from the Sphinx of Egypt,
they can't destroy the light
codes that are still there.
Anybody that goes to Egypt,
can access these light codes
that emanate about
a foot and a half
off the ground of any
of these sacred places.
And they come through,
also, the hieroglyphs.
And if you use your own
mind, and you tap into it,
and I don't want to get
in trouble for saying this
if, you could place your
hands on these sacred places,
then you can read
this information,
and it comes through your mind.
So no matter what anybody does,
take any of this information
or take some of the stuff
that was under the Sphinx,
they can't get rid
of these light codes.
>>REGINA: No, and it
was left for us now--
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
It was left for us.
>>REGINA: --and into our near
future as we're awakening,
becoming curious, and
able to start decoding.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: How exciting.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: But it's
through each person's mind
that you get this information.
So people are
thinking that it will
come outside of themselves,
but it's not the case
with anything in Egypt.
It's all learning how to
connect to this information
through your mind.
And that's one of
the reasons why
they used to drink these
teas like the Blue Lotus tea
or take that monatomic
gold powder, which
a lot of my clients have
seen underneath the Sphinx.
It used to be in
this, like, gold urn.
There was this white powder.
And we-- my client and I didn't
know what it was exactly.
And they said it was
this monatomic gold
that they would use.
It's all like that in
these sacred places.
It's accessing it
through yourself,
which is so fascinating.
>>REGINA: The whole
notion that it's
our mind that needs to
brighten awaken and begin
moving into this information.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: I have one
more tiny anecdote.
I have been exposed
to information
about a piece in the
British Museum that
was to be one of the remnants
of the statues on Easter Island.
This is one of the
prominent ones that's there.
And in this paper
I read it said,
if you can, by
chance, touch it, it
will download to you
the history of the time.
So I was there kind of
you know, sneaking around.
Waited till the guard
turned his back,
and it doesn't take long
when you get a download.
I put my hand on the stone.
It said do not touch, of course.
So I touched this stone.
Boom, all this
information blasted in.
The guard started yelling at me.
But I'm saying, I will
attest to the fact,
if you can touch
these, it's true.
And the same thing, touching
some of the Egyptian plates,
hieroglyphics, and
pictographs if we can just
get in the position to do it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
>>REGINA: But you know what?
You can put-- you can
project your mind into it
in the museum, project
yourself into it,
and it will also allow you
to receive the information.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh, of course.
You don't have to touch it.
>>REGINA: You don't have
to physically touch it.
It was fun.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Our DNA
is reawakening, though.
And sometimes, just
going and stepping
on into these ancient places can
just start activating your DNA.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: In so many
people, so many of my clients,
their higher selves
have been saying,
oh, it's time their DNA
is starting to wake up.
And sometimes, these people
have, within their DNA,
certain information.
That once it's activated, this
information starts coming out.
And just like--
>>REGINA: This is going
to be so wonderful--
this explosion of information.
And here, you're right
at the epicenter of it.
And the only reason I
brought that other one up,
Easter Island, is because
that's a remnant of Lemuria.
And so that information
is-- and you
have a lot of work with Jen
Sullivan and others on Lemuria.
So just to put this in there.
So of the people I
interview, the creator
of Human Design, Ra, Richard
Rudd and the Gene Keys, also,
Lee Harris' channelings
from the Z's,
they're all saying 2025 to 2027.
They're all within
a year of this time
is when the new human really
starts arriving and waking up.
We become a new species.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yeah, we do.
We become a--
>>REGINA: So have you heard?
Tell me what you've heard along
that line through these people.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
I've just been hearing
that each person is different,
though, that their DNA starts
waking up or being activated
when they're ready.
But that would make total sense.
I mean, it's happening now.
It's starting to happen.
And even nature is waking up.
Like these ancient trees.
Going into what I've
been working on recently
has a lot to do with
this, is, and it
has a connection to Egypt
and everything else,
was this woman,
actually, contacted me.
So this is my most
recent subject.
This is like hot off the press,
like recent, most recent.
She contacted me
because she had--
she worked at a corporation,
just a regular person,
not into any metaphysical
things whatsoever.
But for some reason,
on her computer
popped up a little video
of you and I talking,
and she didn't understand why
somebody from her corporation
was on this video,
thinking that she knew me.
She thought she knew me and that
I worked with her, basically.
So she looked at this and looked
at this little short clip.
And she thought, what
are they talking about?
Because she thought she
had a part to play in this
and was just very confused.
And she realized we were
talking about Atlantis.
And then she realized
this had nothing
to do with her
corporation, whatsoever.
I'm just trying not to give
her identity away, that's all.
>>REGINA: You're
doing a good job.
I have no idea who
you're speaking of.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Well, good.
But her name is Christy.
That's all I can say about her.
So this woman named Christy
watched this little short clip
and just was so
fascinated because she
heard us talking
about this woman named
Christy, who my client--
>>REGINA: --you and I talked
about in our last interview.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Right.
And coming through
my client Jen.
Christy, this woman named
Christy, was her past life.
And then I talked about how
Jen had this brain condition.
So this woman Christy, who
was watching this short clip,
was just so fascinated
because it's
same brain condition she has,
and not very many people have
pseudotumor cerebri.
So she thought
that's interesting.
Her name is Christy, and she
has the same brain condition.
So she downloaded
the Gaia interview.
>>REGINA: I think that
was our first interview.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: It was.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
And she watched it,
and then she just
couldn't even believe it,
because we were talking
about things about Atlantis
that she had had dreams about.
And she thought these were
just strange, you know, dreams.
She never put two and two
together, like maybe she--
maybe this was an actual place.
She didn't really
know that or believe
that Atlantis was a real place.
So after listening
to this interview,
she thought, oh, my gosh, I need
to contact this person Sarah
and have a session
because I just can't even
believe these coincidences.
My name is Christy.
I have the same brain condition.
And I remember things,
you know, everything
they were talking about.
So she saw I didn't have
a session available,
but I had a workshop coming up.
And she thought, I don't know.
Maybe I'll do this workshop.
I don't know.
I'm not sure about it.
So she decided to go garden.
And she was digging
around pulling out weeds,
and she found some
money in her garden.
This is true.
It sounds so crazy.
And it was the exact
price of my workshop.
>>REGINA: You're kidding.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: No.
No.
So then she books the workshop.
But right before she
comes to the workshop,
she's not feeling very well
because of her brain condition.
So she asked me,
hey, can you fit me
in the day before the workshop
because I'm not feeling--
not doing very well.
And I said, I'm sorry,
I'm all booked up.
And then right after I told
her that, my client canceled.
So I said, yeah,
you can come then.
>>REGINA: Truth is
stranger than fiction.
I love it.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: So she
comes in for a session.
And all of a sudden,
this you know,
she's remembering this
lifetime in the 1300s,
and this personality
is coming through.
Because like I said,
I feel like what
I do is almost
like a radio, where
these beings or
these personalities
from hundreds of
years ago come through
to share an important message.
But anyway, this
personality came through
and said her name is Alice,
and she lived in the 1300s.
And she starts describing
her life in so much detail
and even down to what
the tapestry looked like,
her coat of arms,
which were dragons,
because there were
actually dragons
during this certain time, but
they were more like horses.
They were like the same
size of horses back,
we're talking like hundreds
and hundreds of years
before her, before Alice lived.
And she was describing her life,
and she lived in this castle.
And she had to get married.
It was an arranged
marriage, but she
got married at
such an early age,
and I guess she was about 12.
And she was married
off and married
the nephew of King Edward I.
So then after her life--
she was murdered--
I asked her higher
self, why did you
show her this lifetime
of all lifetimes,
and what is important
to understand about it?
And the higher self started
saying that this information is
so important for humanity
to understand because it
has a connection to Avalon.
And the information about
Avalon and the magic of Avalon
needs to be brought
back to humanity now.
Because we're tapping
back into that,
and we're starting
to become aware
that what we thought
our reality was made of
isn't really what reality
is and that humans
are going to start tapping
into these ancient ways
and they need to understand how.
So that is why this person
Alice started coming through.
So--
>>REGINA: And so that
was a thread in her day.
She had this?
She possessed this knowledge?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: She
possessed that knowledge.
She had that in her bloodline.
Her mother was
Welsh, and she was--
her mother was
more of a direct--
>>REGINA: --a Druidic line too.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
And so I started
to work again with Christy.
And her higher self
kept saying, you know,
you need to uncover
this information.
And so it was coming
through with the personality
that called herself Alice.
So I felt like,
well, Alice, if she
was part of this noble family,
it must be a real person.
It must be.
Let me see--
>>REGINA: You'll find a record.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: --maybe
I can find a record.
And sure enough,
I found a record.
Her name, the person I've been
talking to, is Alice de Lacy.
She was a Countess in Lincoln.
And she actually was
living in the 1300s.
>>REGINA: And the
information for her history
lined up with the clients?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
All matched up.
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: One thing
didn't line up, though.
Alice told me she was murdered.
She was stabbed, and
that's not in her history.
Alice also told me that
she had a daughter.
That's not in her history.
But what's been hidden is
all the sacred information
about Avalon.
So that's what I'm
working on right now,
and no one really
knows this except you.
>>REGINA: Thank you for
sharing that with us.
It's triggering a
couple of things here.
Well, first of
all, if they wanted
to erase that aspect of her as
a female lineage of knowledge,
her daughter may have possessed
some of that same information
or knowledge too.
So that could be why her
daughter wasn't recorded.
I'm just looking.
But also in the 1300s is when
there were some great mystics
that showed up and historically
are known such as Paracelsus,
who was a great, great healer,
alchemist, and understood
the nature of reality and life.
He's one of the great
minds that ever incarnated.
He actually exists now.
He's reincarnated now, not
going to blow his cover.
But that's at the
same time she was
being downloaded
with this information
about the nature of reality.
So there was an opening
there that must have then led
to the Renaissance.
And, of course, everything
was killed and scientific
materialism.
Here we're back
talking about it now
some centuries, some
centuries later.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh,
it's all coming back.
People have these
memories, and they're
waking up and starting
to remember it,
and they don't really know what
to do with this information.
And that's one of the reasons
why it's so important for us
to know about what
were the ancient ways?
How do you use nature?
It's basically all
about nature and living
in harmony with nature.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: And if we
can get that knowledge back,
then we will know how to
use it as we move forward
in this Golden Age
where we finally
overthrow our oppressors.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And the Druids brought
that information forward as
did some of the other
power players of Atlantis
that did make it through and
certainly they've reincarnated.
But just as another
point of validation,
in that one scene in
Dolores Cannon's book
where she regressed me.
She changed my name.
What was my name?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Oh.
>>REGINA: Veronica?
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
No, it was Rita.
>>REGINA: Rita, yeah.
She changed my name to Rita in
the second of the "Convoluted
Universe" books.
But that was my regression.
The part that's not in
there is I had a young--
living in the temple of
that day, and we were there.
We stayed till the very end.
It was very, very difficult
to go through that.
The younger ones in the
temple, and one of the ones
that I trained in
was in charge of,
was sent to Avalon to retain and
reseed the Atlantean knowledge
after we were dead and gone.
So it was known in advance
this was going to happen.
So there was time to seed
these priests and priestesses
who became known as
the Druids later.
And then I don't know what--
if there was an official name
for a female version.
And they became
instrumental to the kings,
for example, who used to have
their own Druid as their seer
and advisor.
So they were very
heralded and also
very feared because they had
knowledge and they could see.
So what she was
tapping into, I'm
just saying from my point
of view in that regression,
we did send them over into
Britannia, Avalon, this area
you speak of, to receive
that knowledge as Atlantis
was going down.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Wow,
that's so fascinating.
>>REGINA: That's
what's nice talking.
Because everyone's creating
a mosaic of our history,
and that's something I've wanted
to see happen for years, where
the archeologists
that we know of,
those who are going into deeper
archeology that questions
the official storylines.
We need those researchers
to bring back hard evidence.
But we also need
people with far memory
to bring back this
knowledge as well.
And the respect between
the two, I think,
is where our
discovery of history
is going to go in the future,
and you're a part of that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Thanks so much.
It's really fun to
be a part of it.
I mean, it's so
fascinating to me.
And, you know,
what's also really
fascinating is the connection
between Egypt and Avalon.
It all goes back
to, like you said,
the survivors of Atlantis
and this information
being stored in these places.
It was so fascinating
to understand
that Avalon had these myths.
That's what Alice kept saying
And basically, it was like
this vibrational energy
that would surround and
protect that sacred place.
And it's so interesting
how Avalon also
was an actual word
in their language.
So as I was talking
to Alice, she
said that there was like,
almost like these beings that
were awakened--
this is her legend or
legend-- maybe it's real.
I'm not sure-- these beings that
were awakened from the stars.
And it took her a while to kind
of pronounce the name to me.
She said it was in
this Druidic language.
And the beings that
kind of founded Avalon
after the escapees
from Atlantis,
they called themselves, and
this was the pronunciation,
she said--
Twylateg.
I don't know if
that means anything.
But she said these beings
call themselves the Twylateg.
And it was this really
ancient English language.
>>REGINA: I'll have to go back
into some hermetic documents
that go into depth on
the Druids right down
to the language you're
talking about itself.
It's a little
difficult. They were
based-- every part
of the alphabet,
each number or letter was
based on a tree, for example,
so it has embedded meaning.
And so trying to figure out
how to pronounce or even write
these would be
difficult. But I'll
go back and see if I can find
anything that sounds like that.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Well, she kept saying
there were these sacred,
sacred trees that were actually
very, very conscious.
And when she would go out
and even into her woods,
she knew how to get the
information from these trees.
And that part of the
information or part
of the ancient ways
that are coming back
are how to use the
energy from the trees.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>BRESKMAN COSME:
Because as we start
to develop our subtle energies,
as we start to understand
that we can use our own
bodies as antennas, then
we can tap into the energy
of the trees and plants
and be healed by them, allow
ourselves to be healed.
But also, Alice was telling
me, so I am like Alice,
Alice was telling
me that they had
the red crystals from Atlantis.
And what they would do
was they would sew them
into the old tapestries.
So her mother, when she was
describing her mother's room,
it was so funny.
She was like, my
mother's bed is so big.
It's like as big as what you
guys would call a double bed.
I'm like, wow.
OK.
It sounds so big.
But they sewed these really
powerful ancient crystals
from Atlantis into
the tapestries.
And I wonder if
you can find them?
>>REGINA: That would
be interesting,
and that's in Wales?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: In Wales.
>>REGINA: In Wales.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
And for anyone that wants to
know about the red crystals,
I recommend you go back and
look at my first interview
with Sarah where we
get into Jen's work
when she was alive at that time.
And she was exposed
to these red--
protecting these red crystals.
So we'll take it all
back to the beginning
of our first conversation.
Just a final thought
because believe it or not,
that was so fun.
What a romp.
We're out of time.
Any final thoughts
before we go, Sarah?
>>BRESKMAN COSME: I just
want to say that the higher
consciousness is
always telling me
that one of the most important
things you can really do
is work on yourself.
Because the higher consciousness
says that most people, when
they leave their
life, they have little
left to show for their lifetime
except for experiences.
But if you become
a spiritual master,
if you really
master yourself, it
leaves an imprint on the
consciousness that's permanent.
And so that one of the
most important things
you can do for all of humanity
is to master yourself,
because anyone can
tap into that imprint,
and it will always
keep giving back.
>>REGINA: Hear, hear.
Thank you so much.
I can't wait till
our next conversation
because you're always
coming across new things.
And we start finding, because
I've done so much research
and in my lifetime,
I can always help
by drawing in something
that validates what
this other person has seen.
And so it makes kind of a fun
conversation, kind of cross
talk there.
So thank you so much, Sarah.
>>BRESKMAN COSME: Thank
you so much, Regina.
>>REGINA: If you
found this intriguing,
you can definitely go
to my other interviews
with Sarah here on Gaia.
Her site is called
theholistichypnotist.com
to learn more about her
books, her courses, her trips,
and everything else.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]